FUN FACT #01 - In New Zealand, it is a criminal offense to carry a copy of the game Manhunt.
FUN FACT #02 - The bushes and clouds in the original Super Mario Bros are the same sprite recolored.
FUN FACT #03 - When space invaders launched in Japan, its popularity caused a temporary shortage of 100 Yen coins.
FUN FACT #04 - The Discord logo is named Clyde.
FUN FACT #05 - In Overwatch, the tiny yellow bird that hangs out with Bastion is named Ganymede - a beautiful young boy from Greek mythology.
FUN FACT #06 - When revealed in 2014, Overwatch was Blizzard's first new IP in 17 years.
FUN FACT #07 - There is a scene in the original Metal Gear Solid where Campbell will poke fun at the player if they're using a TV with Mono audio.
FUN FACT #08 - Prior to adding Blood Elves, Alliance outnumbered Horde on most World of Warcraft servers.
FUN FACT #09 - The successful release of the SNES gained the attention of the infamous Japanese crime organization the Yakuza. Nintendo then began to ship the devices at night to avoid robbery.
FUN FACT #10 - The cover art for Neil Young's album "Silver and Gold" is a photo taken with a Game Boy Camera
FUN FACT #11 - To choose your Eevee's evolution in Pokemon Go, rename it to Sparky (Jolteon), Rainer (Vaporeon), or Pyro (Flareon).
FUN FACT #12 - In the original Fallout, a player character with less than 4 Intelligence can only communicate with grunts and other noises.
FUN FACT #13 - In League of Legends, if you play Jax with the Jaximus skin, he'll occasionally say "Here's to you, kid." This honors a Make-A-Wish patient whose favorite character was Jax.
FUN FACT #14 - There are four skins in League of Legends named after internet browsers: Foxfire Ahri, Safari Caitlyn, Explorer Ezreal and Chrome Rammus.
FUN FACT #15 - You can't see your own shadow in CS:GO.
FUN FACT #16 - In Hearthstone, using the Hunter card Animal Companion against Kel'Thuzad will summon his cat Mr. Bigglesworth rather than the usual beasts.
FUN FACT #17 - Starting with version 6.29 of the original Dota, each update ending in a "9" contained a secret quest, usually showing off an upcoming hero such as Invoker.
FUN FACT #18 - Rocket League is a sequel to the 2009 physics based vehicle soccer game Supersonic Acrobatic Rocket-Powered Battle-Cars.
FUN FACT #19 - Discord was almost named Wyvern. Dodged a bullet there, whew.
FUN FACT #21 - HAL Laboratory, the developer responsible for Kirby, Mother, and Super Smash Bros. series, was named HAL because each letter put them ahead of IBM.
FUN FACT #22 - While trying to create a pig in Minecraft, Markus Persson accidentally switched the length and height in code and ended up with the monstrosity now known as a creeper.
FUN FACT #23 - The avatar of Minecraft creator Markus Persson is the only character that drops an apple when it dies.
FUN FACT #24 - Team Fortress, Day of Defeat, Counter-Strike, Ricochet, and Dota were all originally fan-made mods.
FUN FACT #25 - Pachinko Machines (mechanical games used for gambling) make Sega more money in Japan than game sales worldwide.